# High Accuracy Visualizer
This is the TI Gallery APP for configuring mmWave sensors and
visualizing point cloud objects generated by the [High Accuracy 14xx Lab](http://dev.ti.com/tirex/#/?link=Software%2FmmWave%20Training%2FLabs%2FHigh%20Accuracy%2014xx%20Lab) or [High Accuracy 16xx Lab](http://dev.ti.com/tirex/#/?link=Software%2FmmWave%20Training%2FLabs%2FHigh%20Accuracy%2016xx%20Lab). This app is meant to be
used in conjunction with the High Accuracy Labs running on the TI Evaluation module (EVM) for mmWave devices. This app can also be reached via [TI Gallery](https://dev.ti.com/gallery/) – search for mmWave_Demo_Visualizer. The
TI Gallery app is a browser-based app and can be run on any PC operating system (Windows®, Linux®, or
macOS®), and TI recommends running the app using the Chrome® browser for the best plotting
performance.

Basic steps for running the app are listed here. 
* If this is the first time you are using this App, you may be requested to install a plug-in and the TI Cloud Agent Application.
* Power up the mmWave Sensors and load/run the high accuracy lab. Refer to the High Accuracy Lab user guide in the [High Accuracy 14xx Lab](http://dev.ti.com/tirex/#/?link=Software%2FmmWave%20Training%2FLabs%2FHigh%20Accuracy%2014xx%20Lab) or [High Accuracy 16xx Lab](http://dev.ti.com/tirex/#/?link=Software%2FmmWave%20Training%2FLabs%2FHigh%20Accuracy%2016xx%20Lab) for more information.
* Once the demo is running on the mmWave sensors and the USB is connected from the board to the PC, you need to configure the serial ports in this App
In the App, go to the Menu->Options->Serial Port.<br>
  * **CFG_port**: Use COM port number for "XDS110 Class Application/User UART": Baud: 115200
  * **Data_port**: Use COM port "XDS110 Class Auxiliary Data port": Baud: 921600
* At this point this app will automatically try to connect to the target (mmWave Sensor).
If it does not connect or if the connection fails, you should try to connect to the target by clicking in the bottom left corner of this App.
* After the App is connected to the target, you can press the "LOAD CONFIG FROM PC AND SEND" button on the **PLOTS** tab. User can configure the device from provided configuration file in the lab package. Make sure the first two commands in this config file are "sensorStop" followed by "flushCfg".
* To load a different configuration file, EVM power cycle is required.
